High Resolution Pose Estimation new tool (#356)
opendr-eu/opendr: docs/reference/high_resolution_pose_estimation.md

## high_resolution_pose_estimation module

The *high_resolution_pose_estimation* module contains the *HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner* class, which inherits from the abstract class *Learner*.

### Class HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner
Bases: `engine.learners.Learner`

> The *HighResolutionLightweightOpenPose* class is an implementation for pose estimation in high resolution images. This method is creating a heatmap of a resized version of the input image. Using this heatmap, the input image is being cropped keeping the area of interest and then it isused for pose estimation. The pose estimation is based on the Lightweight OpenPose algorithm. 

Author: I added a line that it is mentioned

  Controls the size of the validation subset.
- **images_folder_name**: *str, default='val2017'*\
  Folder name that contains the dataset images.
  This folder should be contained in the dataset path provided.
  Note that this is a folder name, not a path.
- **annotations_filename**: *str, default='person_keypoints_val2017.json'*\
  Filename of the annotations JSON file.
  This file should be contained in the dataset path provided.

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer`
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer(img, upsample_ratio, track, smooth)
```

This method is used to perform pose estimation on an image.
Returns a list of `engine.target.Pose` objects, where each holds a pose, or returns an empty list if no detection were made.

Parameters:

- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **upsample_ratio**: *int, default=4*\
  Defines the amount of upsampling to be performed on the heatmaps and PAFs when resizing.
- **track**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, infer propagates poses ids from previous frame results to track poses.
- **smooth**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, smoothing is performed on pose keypoints between frames.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner.first_pass`

Reviewer: Probably need to add underscores to make them private and remove them from documentation. Nevertheless, i would suggest adding the documented explanation into docstrings on the methods, as it would be helpful for someone digging a bit deeper.

Parameters:
- **net**: *object*\
  The model that is used for creating the heatmap.
- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **net_input_height_size**: *int*\
    It is the height that is used for resizing the image on the pose estimation procedure.
- **max_width**: *int*\
   It is the max width that the cropped image should have in order to keep the height-width ratio below a certain value.
- **stride**: *int*\
   Is the stride value of mobilenet which reduces accuracy but increases inference speed.
- **upsample_ratio**: *int, default=4*\
  Defines the amount of upsampling to be performed on the heatmaps and PAFs when resizing.

- **device**: *{'cpu', 'cuda'}, default='cuda'*\
  Specifies the device to be used.
- **pad_value**: *list, default=(0, 0, 0)*\
  Specifies the pad value based on which the images' width is padded.
- **img_mean**: *list, default=(128, 128, 128)]*\
  Specifies the mean based on which the images are normalized.
- **img_scale**: *float, default=1/256*\
  Specifies the scale based on which the images are normalized.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.Pooling`

Reviewer: Similar to first/second infer pass methods, it would be helpful to add the information in the docstring.

```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimation.Pooling(self, img, kernel)
```
Parameters:
- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **kernel**: *int*\
  The size of kernel in Average Pooling procedure before heatmap generation in order to resize the input image.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer_light_odr()`

Reviewer: I think this infer can be removed from the learner and the docs, a user that wants to run regular lw pose estimation will use the corresponding learner.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer_light_odr()`

Author: this function wasn't used on high-resolution tool so it is removed

## high_resolution_pose_estimation module

The *high_resolution_pose_estimation* module contains the *HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner* class, which inherits from the abstract class *Learner*.

### Class HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner
Bases: `engine.learners.Learner`

The *HighResolutionLightweightOpenPose* class is an implementation for pose estimation in high resolution images.
This method is creating a heatmap of a resized version of the input image.

> Using this heatmap, the input image is being cropped keeping the area of interest and then it isused for pose estimation. The pose estimation is based on the Lightweight OpenPose algorithm.

Reviewer: `The pose estimation is based...` sounds a bit weird, maybe some rephrasing is needed: `The pose estimation method is based..`?

In this method there are two important variables which are responsible for the increase in speed and in accuracy in high resolution images.
These variables are the *first_pass_height* and the *second height* that the image is resized in this procedure.

> The [HighResolutionPoseEstiamtionLearner](/src/opendr/perception/pose_estimation/hr_pose_estimation/HighResolutionLearner.py) class has the following public methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner](/src/opendr/perception/pose_estimation/hr_pose_estimation/HighResolutionLearner.py) class has the following public methods:
```

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner` constructor
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner(self,device, backbone, temp_path, mobilenet_use_stride, mobilenetv2_width, shufflenet_groups, num_refinement_stages, batches_per_iter, base_height, first_pass_height, second_pass_height, img_resol, experiment_name, num_workers, weights_only, output_name, multiscale, scales, visualize,  img_mean, img_scale, pad_value)
```

Constructor parameters:

- **device**: *{'cpu', 'cuda'}, default='cuda'*\
  Specifies the device to be used.
- **backbone**: *{'mobilenet, 'mobilenetv2', 'shufflenet'}, default='mobilenet'*\
  Specifies the backbone architecture.
- **temp_path**: *str, default='temp'*\
  Specifies a path where the algorithm looks for pretrained backbone weights, the checkpoints are saved along with the logging files. Moreover the JSON file that contains the evaluation detections is saved here.
- **mobilenet_use_stride**: *bool, default=True*\

>   Whether to add an additional stride value in the mobilenet model, which reduces accuracy but increases inference speed.

Reviewer: `Add  an additional` seems a bit redundant.
```suggestion
  Whether to add a stride value in the mobilenet model, which reduces accuracy but increases inference speed.
```

  This file should be contained in the dataset path provided.

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer`
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer(img, upsample_ratio, track, smooth)
```

This method is used to perform pose estimation on an image.
Returns a list of `engine.target.Pose` objects, where each holds a pose, or returns an empty list if no detection were made.

Parameters:

- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **upsample_ratio**: *int, default=4*\
  Defines the amount of upsampling to be performed on the heatmaps and PAFs when resizing.
- **track**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, infer propagates poses ids from previous frame results to track poses.
- **smooth**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, smoothing is performed on pose keypoints between frames.

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner.first_pass`
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner.first_pass(self, net,img)
```

This method is used for extracting from the input image a heatmap about human locations in the picture.

Parameters:
- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **net**: *object*\
  The model that is used for creating the heatmap.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstimationLearner.second_pass`

Author: it is renamed in the learner

  Specifies the mean based on which the images are normalized.
- **img_scale**: *float, default=1/256*\
  Specifies the scale based on which the images are normalized.

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.Pooling`
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimation.Pooling(self, img, kernel)
```

Parameters:

- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **kernel**: *int*\
  The size of kernel in Average Pooling procedure before heatmap generation in order to resize the input image.

#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer_light_odr()`
```python
HighResolutionPoseEstimation.infer_light_odr(self, img, upsample_ratio=4, track=True, smooth=True)
```

This method is an inference function of OpenDR LightWeight OpenPose pose estiamtion.

Parameters:

- **img**: *object***\
  Object of type engine.data.Image.
- **upsample_ratio**: *int, default=4*\
  Defines the amount of upsampling to be performed on the heatmaps and PAFs when resizing.
- **track**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, infer propagates poses ids from previous frame results to track poses.
- **smooth**: *bool, default=True*\
  If True, smoothing is performed on pose keypoints between frames.

> #### `HighResolutionPoseEstiamtion.save`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `HighResolutionPoseEstimation.save`
```

| OpenDR - Baseline | 0.05               | 2.6             | 0.3              | 0.5             |
| OpenDR - Full     | 0.2                | 10.8            | 1.4              | 3.1             |

#### High-Resolution Pose Estimation
| Method                 | CPU i7-9700K (FPS) | RTX 2070 (FPS) | Jetson TX2 (FPS) | Xavier NX (FPS) |
|------------------------|--------------------|----------------|------------------|-----------------|
| HRPoseEstim - Baseline | 2.3                | 13.6           | 1.4              | 1.8             |
| HRPoseEstim - Half     | 2.7                | 16.1           | 1.3              | 3.0             |
| HRPoseEstim - Stride   | 8.1                | 27.0           | 4                | 4.9             |
| HRPoseEstim - Stages   | 3.7                | 16.5           | 1.9              | 2.7             |
| HRPoseEstim - H+S      | 8.2                | 25.9           | 3.6              | 5.5             |
| HRPoseEstim - Full     | 10.9               | 31.7           | 4.8              | 6.9             |

As it is shown in the previous Table, OpenDr Lightweight OpenPose achieves higher FPS when it is resing the input image into 256 pixels.

> It is easier to process that image but as it is shown in the next tables the method falls apart when it comes to accuracy and there are no detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is easier to process that image, but as it is shown in the next tables the method falls apart when it comes to accuracy and there are no detections.
```
